
module type in string = AddingCPU_ScanInserted
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = pin
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 11 

module type in string = pout
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 8 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = fanout_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 7 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = notg
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = -1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = xor_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 5 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = or_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 3 

module type in string = and_n
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 1 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 

module type in string = dff
knownModuleType ---> module type in integer = 9 
